README.md, before:

# Try My Policy API

Try my policy is a service that enables patients to preview the modified version of clinic documents they upload based on a consent policy. Technically tray-my-policy calls Document Segmentation Services API ([DSS](https://github.com/FEISystems/dss-api)) to 
1) segment patient's clinical document, in format of CCDA-R1, CCDA-R2 and C32 (DSS calls [Document Validator Service](https://github.com/FEISystems/document-validator) to ensure that only documents with desired format can be uploaded)
2) highlights the section will be removed according to patient's consent policy
and then wraps the document in HTML format to present to patient 

## Build

### Prerequisites

+ [Oracle Java JDK 8 with Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
+ [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (for building a Docker image from the project)

### Commands

This is a Maven project and requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) 3.3.3 or greater to build it. It is recommended to use the *Maven Wrapper* scripts provided with this project. *Maven Wrapper* requires an internet connection to download Maven and project dependencies for the very first build.

To build the project, navigate to the folder that contains `pom.xml` file using terminal/command line.

+ To build a JAR:
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean install`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean install`
+ To build a Docker Image (this will create an image with `bhits/try-policy:latest` tag):
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean package docker:build`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean package docker:build`

## Run

### Commands

This is a [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) project and serves the API via an embedded Tomcat instance, therefore there is no need for a separate application server to run this service.
+ Run as a JAR file: `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar <additional program arguments>`
+ Run as a Docker Container: `docker run -d bhits/try-policy:latest <additional program arguments>`

*NOTE: In order for this API to fully function as a microservice in C2S Application, it is also required to setup the dependency microservices and support level infrastructure. Please refer to the C2S Deployment Guide for instructions to setup the C2S infrastructure.*

## Configure

This API runs with some default configuration that is primarily targeted for development environment. However, [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) supports several methods to override the default configuration to configure the API for a certain deployment environment.

Please see the [default configuration](tryPolicy/src/main/resources/application.yml) for this API as a guidance and override the specific configuration per environment as needed. Also, please refer to [Spring Boot Externalized Configuration](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html) documentation to see how Spring Boot applies the order to load the properties and [Spring Boot Common Properties](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/common-application-properties.html) documentation to see the common properties used by Spring Boot.

### Examples for Overriding a Configuration in Spring Boot

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a JAR:

+ `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a Docker Container:

+ `docker run -d bhits/try-policy:latest --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  try-policy.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/try-policy:latest"
    command: ["--server.port=80","--spring.datasource.password=strongpassword"]
...
```
*NOTE: Please note that these additional arguments will be appended to the default `ENTRYPOINT` specified in the `Dockerfile` unless the `ENTRYPOINT` is overridden.*

### Enable SSL

For simplicity in development and testing environments, SSL is **NOT** enabled by default configuration. SSL can easily be enabled following the examples below:

#### Enable SSL While Running as a JAR

+ `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`

#### Enable SSL While Running as a Docker Container

+ `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore" bhits/try-policy:latest --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`
+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  try-policy.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/try-policy:latest"
    command: ["--spring.profiles.active=ssl","--server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore", "--server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword"]
    volumes:
      - /path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore
...
```

*NOTE: As seen in the examples above, `/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore` is made available to the container via a volume mounted from the Docker host running this container.*

### Override Java CA Certificates Store In Docker Environment

Java has a default CA Certificates Store that allows it to trust well-known certificate authorities. For development and testing purposes, one might want to trust additional self-signed certificates. In order to override the default Java CA Certificates Store in a Docker container, one can mount a custom `cacerts` file over the default one in the Docker image as `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/to/custom/cacerts:/etc/ssl/certs/java/cacerts" bhits/try-policy:latest`

*NOTE: The `cacerts` references given in the both sides of volume mapping above are files, not directories.*

[//]: # (## API Documentation)

[//]: # (## Notes)

[//]: # (## Contribute)

## Contact

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns please see [Consent2Share]() project site.

## Report Issues

Please use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bhits/try-policy-api/issues) page to report issues.

[//]: # (License)

Commit message:

Review README.md
#11135 - As a community member (HIE), I will be able to utilize consent2share DOCUMENTATION for 10-13 of 13 Git backend code repositories, in order to facilitate development of C2S

README.md, after:

# Try My Policy API

Try My Policy is a service that enables the patients to preview the redacted version of their uploaded clinical document based on the privacy preferences of the consent (before attesting it?). Try My Policy calls Document Segmentation Services API ([DSS](https://github.com/FEISystems/dss-api)) to 1) segment the patient's clinical document, in the template prescribed by CCDA-R1, CCDA-R2 and C32 (DSS calls [Document Validator Service](https://github.com/FEISystems/document-validator) to ensure that only documents with desired format can be uploaded) 2) highlight the section that will be removed in accordance to the patient's consent and then present the document in HTML for the patient to further review (before signing the consent?).

## Build

### Prerequisites

+ [Oracle Java JDK 8 with Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
+ [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (for building a Docker image from the project)

### Commands

This is a Maven project and requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) 3.3.3 or greater to build it. It is recommended to use the *Maven Wrapper* scripts provided with this project. *Maven Wrapper* requires an internet connection to download Maven and project dependencies for the very first build.

To build the project, navigate to the folder that contains `pom.xml` file using terminal/command line.

+ To build a JAR:
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean install`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean install`
+ To build a Docker Image (this will create an image with `bhits/try-policy:latest` tag):
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean package docker:build`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean package docker:build`

## Run

### Commands

This is a [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) project and serves the API via an embedded Tomcat instance, therefore there is no need for a separate application server to run this service.
+ Run as a JAR file: `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar <additional program arguments>`
+ Run as a Docker Container: `docker run -d bhits/try-policy:latest <additional program arguments>`

*NOTE: In order for this API to fully function as a microservice in C2S Application, it is also required to setup the dependency microservices and support level infrastructure. Please refer to the C2S Deployment Guide for instructions to setup the C2S infrastructure.*

## Configure

This API runs with some default configuration that is primarily targeted for development environment. However, [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) supports several methods to override the default configuration to configure the API for a certain deployment environment.

Please see the [default configuration](tryPolicy/src/main/resources/application.yml) for this API as a guidance and override the specific configuration per environment as needed. Also, please refer to [Spring Boot Externalized Configuration](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html) documentation to see how Spring Boot applies the order to load the properties and [Spring Boot Common Properties](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/common-application-properties.html) documentation to see the common properties used by Spring Boot.

### Examples for Overriding a Configuration in Spring Boot

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a JAR:

+ `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a Docker Container:

+ `docker run -d bhits/try-policy:latest --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  try-policy.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/try-policy:latest"
    command: ["--server.port=80","--spring.datasource.password=strongpassword"]
...
```
*NOTE: Please note that these additional arguments will be appended to the default `ENTRYPOINT` specified in the `Dockerfile` unless the `ENTRYPOINT` is overridden.*

### Enable SSL

For simplicity in development and testing environments, SSL is **NOT** enabled by default configuration. SSL can easily be enabled following the examples below:

#### Enable SSL While Running as a JAR

+ `java -jar try-policy-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`

#### Enable SSL While Running as a Docker Container

+ `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore" bhits/try-policy:latest --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`
+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  try-policy.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/try-policy:latest"
    command: ["--spring.profiles.active=ssl","--server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore", "--server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword"]
    volumes:
      - /path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore
...
```

*NOTE: As seen in the examples above, `/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore` is made available to the container via a volume mounted from the Docker host running this container.*

### Override Java CA Certificates Store In Docker Environment

Java has a default CA Certificates Store that allows it to trust well-known certificate authorities. For development and testing purposes, one might want to trust additional self-signed certificates. In order to override the default Java CA Certificates Store in a Docker container, one can mount a custom `cacerts` file over the default one in the Docker image as `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/to/custom/cacerts:/etc/ssl/certs/java/cacerts" bhits/try-policy:latest`

*NOTE: The `cacerts` references given in the both sides of volume mapping above are files, not directories.*

[//]: # (## API Documentation)

[//]: # (## Notes)

[//]: # (## Contribute)

## Contact

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns please see [Consent2Share]() project site.

## Report Issues

Please use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bhits/try-policy-api/issues) page to report issues.

[//]: # (License)
